Welcome to NUSTutors, your one-stop platform
to find the most suitable tutors for your academic needs.
In this video, we'll guide you through how
to use the various features of our platform.
Let's get started!
First, start by heading over to our website.
There, you will find our homepage.
If you already have an account with NUSTutors,
click the Login button on the top right to login.
If you are a new user, just click on the Sign
Up Now button to sign up for a new account.
Fill in your email address and password and
click Sign Up.
After that, you will need to verify your email
address before you can log in.
Simply click on the link sent in the email
and your email address will be verified automatically.
Once your email address is verified, proceed
to login with your email address and password.
Next, you will be redirected to the Onboarding
page.
This is where you will set up your profile.
You can add your personal details such as
a profile picture, your name, your level and
course of study, and your availability.
If you're offering tutoring services, do fill
up a short introduction of yourself and let
us know your availability for sessions, the
subjects you wish to tutor and your hourly
rate, so that prospective students can be
better informed about your capabilities.
Once you're satisfied with your profile, remember
to save your details!
And don’t worry, you can come back to edit
your profile at any time.
After your profile has been saved, you will
then be directed to your personalized dashboard page.
The dashboard page allows you to quickly see
upcoming and attended sessions.
Under each tab, you will
be able to see the total number of sessions
and the details of each tutoring session,
such as the date, time and location, at a glance!
Moreover, it also allows you to modify and
attend sessions.
For now, there aren’t any tutoring sessions
here yet.
So let’s get started on booking your first
tutoring session!
Simply click on the blue “Book a Tutor”
button on the dashboard or the Find Tutors
tab on the Navbar to get started!
You will see our list of available tutors.
Simply browse through our list of tutors and
click the “View Profile” button beside
the tutors whom you are interested in to find
out more about their teaching methods, hourly
rate, availability and read reviews left by
previous students.
You can also search for tutors by name and
or by module, and additionally sort the results
to find the perfect tutor.
When you've found the one that fits your requirements,
hit the "Book Tutor" button beside their name
to start the booking process.
Here, you'll input all the necessary details
for your tutoring session.
Choose the module, date, time, and location
that best fits your schedule and needs.
Once you are done, click on the “Proceed
to Checkout” button.
After clicking the “Proceed to Checkout”
button, you will see a secure payment gateway
provided by Stripe, a reputable third-party
payment processor.
Just key in your card details and hit Proceed.
When the payment is successfully completed, your session will be added automatically.
Alternatively, you may also opt for a faster,
seamless checkout with PayNow.
In the event that the tutor offers free tutoring
sessions, the “Proceed to Checkout” button
will be replaced with a “Book Tutor” button.
Just click the “Book Tutor” button and
your session will be booked immediately, no payment needed.
Go back to the Dashboard page to see your
new session!
On the dashboard, the purple Download iCal
button on the upcoming sessions page allows
you to download a calendar file with the details
of upcoming sessions, for easy import into
your favourite calendar apps.
The chat button beside each session allows
you to private message the tutor in real time,
so you can let them know more about which
topics you need help in, or where to find
each other, without revealing your personal
contact details.
If you need to make any changes to a booking,
you can do it on the Dashboard page.
Simply head over to your dashboard, locate
the specific booking you wish to modify, click
the ‘Edit” button to start modifying your
session.
Update the necessary details, whether it's
the date, time, or location, and save your changes.
Your booking will be modified immediately.
It's that simple!
When the time comes for your tutoring session,
access your dashboard and locate the booking
you wish to attend.
Click on the "Attend" button beside the session
Once you confirm your attendance, the session
will be marked as attended and moved to Attended
Sessions, and the payment will be released
to the tutor.
You can find a list of attended sessions under
the Attended Sessions tab on the dashboard.
After attending a session, you can leave a
review for the tutor by clicking on the Review button.
Then, rate your experience with the tutor
and leave a short review for the tutor, and click Submit.
Your review will be reflected in the tutor’s
profile page.
Need to make an edit?
No worries, just submit another review!
The previous review will be replaced with
the new review.
From time to time, we understand that you
might want to update your availability, or
even your course of study or modules you can
teach.
Don’t worry, you can do so using our edit
profile feature.
To get started, simply click on your profile
picture and choose "Profile Settings".
Make the necessary changes to your profile
and click the Save profile button.
Voilà, your profile is updated!
To effortlessly stay on top of your payment
history, simply click on your profile picture
and choose "Payment History."
There, you can see the list that details all
the payments you have made thus far.
Do note that payments for free tutoring sessions
do not show up here.
If you are a tutor, you will see an additional
wallet section where you can withdraw your
earnings to your bank account.
When it's time to call it a day, you can logout
by clicking on your profile picture icon and
selecting “logout”.
To login again, just fill up the login form
with your email address and password!
Once logged in, you will automatically be
redirected to the dashboard page.
Forgotten your password?
Don’t fret, cause we've got you covered!
With just a few simple steps, you can reclaim
access to your account.
To initiate the password recovery process,
click on the "Forgot Password" option on the
login page.
Enter the email address linked to your NUSTutors
account, and we'll send you a special email
containing a unique link.
Open that email, click on the provided link,
and you'll be directed to a password reset page.
Here, you can choose a new password that meets
your preferences.
Once you've set your new password and saved
your changes, you can proceed to the login
page and log in with your new password.
We hope that this video has given you a brief
overview of the features on our platform,
and answered some of your burning questions.
Join us and unlock your academic potential
with NUSTutors today!